cool so now that we are the time to kind
of like take a deep breath let's talk
about the space training program that
you just joined so you sign up
congratulations you got accepted so on
this space training program we have a
lot of classes we have a lot of content
we have over a hundred and six sessions
for you and these sessions go from
workshops where you can like learn new
skills they go to projects that you will
come right with each other and present
your work you'll learn about the status
a bit of many other projects through
lightning talks a sci-fi here because
science fair is a thing of the past
we're talking about the future and also
you can bring your own sessions through
unconfident but this is not possible
we this would not be possible without
the 67 group of people that actually
made all of this content possible so if
you see one of these faces give a uj5
for me because we are really thankful to
them for creating all this content so so
to worry about the content we use the
ipfs camp repo as the source of truth
you can find all of the course
descriptions the wedding gowns
descriptions the schedule and so on
there and you can use the website for
the camp so camp the ipfs that is my
schedule to find the schedule for the
camp and we'll keep it updated the way
that we divided the next two days was
2:00 in the morning while we are fresh
to focus on learning some new skills so
this is where you will see the courses
and in the afternoon is when we get to
work together because yes this is a very
different type of conference that you
might get used to you are actually going
to develop projects together that you
get to present as well as an attendee so
super exciting last but not the least
against space training programs so we
have a graduation ceremony really put an
extra polish on your project because we
will have a moment to celebrate all of
the things that we achieve during these
next three days cool so now to even
explain a little bit more about what you
can expect I will leave I would like to
invite the content
to the arize to give you an explanation
of the contents so first one we have
only that is going to tell us about core
and elective courses
kourin elective courses did what have
you signed up for well the first thing
to know public service announcement have
you all checked your land yards
it's got letters on it a code so the
purpose of the core courses is to get us
all on the same page like building for
the D web can be pretty hard pretty new
the core courses are there to align us
so that the basics of building web apps
there's a course on adding files what's
a dag
what's a CID why are they important
there's a course on lit p2p writing your
own protocol building decentralized apps
that use IP FS and there's a course on
lifecycle of data in the D web they have
all been given letters a B C and D and
they correspond to the codes on your
lanyards so the other point is so we get
all on the same page but also we get to
meet everybody here they've been
deliberately randomized so that you'll
be in groups with different people so
that'd be fun then so that's happening
tomorrow then in moving on we've got the
elective courses and that's when things
get really wild so the core course is
foundational the elective courses these
are personal interests advanced
techniques people who are building stuff
with ipfs we've got things on identity
we've got things on agency we've got
things cats with lasers we've got data
sets and visualizations so you don't get
to go to all of those you have to pick
so choose wisely
but that is the core and elective
courses introduction Wow
thank you you know so now we have
dominate that will tell you about what
are the poster projects hello friends
it's me Dominic the poster hipster with
the most er so as you can see here we've
got some posters and they should be
pretty self-explanatory but I'm gonna
explain them anyway so what we're doing
here is basically we have this big list
of concepts
you should check the website and pick
some of your favorites and what we'll do
is just take those concepts and
basically translate them into these
posters and give it a presentation on
them so you take these complex concepts
and come up with something it's very
freeform whether its technical or you
know very abstract whatever you like
when we're doing this gonna be tomorrow
check the schedule again and how we're
gonna be doing this is will we be coming
back to this building and breaking up
into groups no more than five basically
just based off of your interest of what
you want to talk about and that's
essentially the session so hope to see
you back here tomorrow thank you and now
I call Owen Shaw to present the device
serious hello camp hi hello oh yeah come
on all right cool hey I'm Alan I'll be
your guide for the deep dives deep dives
Saturday 2:30 to 4:30 deep dives deep
dive what is it what is it it's your
chance to experience firsthand what it's
like to work on ipfs so hard meaty open
problems it will be a group activity and
there will be discussion and it will be
a place for you two to deeply transfer
your knowledge between each other you're
going to learn some stuff and then we'll
evaluate some solutions and document the
results because if you don't document it
it didn't happen so that's good and then
the next day what we'll do is we'll do a
a kind of presentation session where you
each each group will get a couple of
minutes just to present back a summary
of what you discussed what you learnt
and what solutions you came up with and
the best deep dive will win the coveted
deep dive trophy okay and that's deep
dives all right so now jessica is going
to tell us about the whining talks boom
hey everybody my name is Jessica
Schilling I usually do user experience
for ipfs but this weekend I have the
great good fortune to introduce you to
26 of your newest best friends in five
minute segments I have seen all of these
lightning talks and I just want to say
you should totally go to these because
they are amazing epic fantastic amazing
sweet the topics are all over the map
anything you could possibly think that
might be amazing to do with ipfs just
just trust me on this it's gonna be
great so they're so nice we're doing
them twice
Friday 5:30 to 7:00 o'clock that's like
the extended Club mix version and then
if you wanted more there is Saturday
from 6:30 to seven o'clock so marked on
your calendar is not that good stuff and
we will see you there thank you oh wait
you got more me all right so here is
where you get to tell people about the
awesome things that you are making this
is on comps this is fun this is space
for all the things that we didn't have
time to talk about this week which is a
lot of things because I mean like wow
there's actually here that's pretty
amazing again so nice we're doing it
twice we're really rather we're
splitting the saturday timeframe into
two 50-minute sessions so that is from
4:30 to 5:20 on Saturday and then also
5:30 to 6:00 20 day so here's how this
works you go out into the main room
which y'all will see tomorrow after we
open up the rest of the space portal for
you there will be a great big wall that
says uncom sign up and so either you can
take one of these like stapled together
pieces of paper write your own campaa
stick it to the wall and the time frame
that you want and then you are committed
to be a presenter or if you just want to
go there like those posters
say have you seen this cat so you tear
off from the things at the bottom then
you know which one you're gonna go to
and you make things and you talk about
things and you please take notes for me
because if you're a presenter I'm gonna
find you afterwards I'm gonna ask you
because again it's not documented it
didn't happen and it's gonna be great
so tomorrow go out look at the on come
forward it's gonna be a wonderful time
Thanks thank you now we have our Cuddy
behind me there you go hi so my name is
Arkady and I'm here to tell you about
two sessions so the first of these is
the sci-fi fair oh wow
okay that wasn't that it I didn't see
I'm not so I I didn't do that
oh that was me no myth no.1 fesses up
okay
anyhow so the sci-fi fair is not like an
academic conference sort of poster
session fair not like the good poster
session we're having this time but and
nor is it like a trade share was a bunch
of people trying to sell you stuff
instead think of it maybe like a Maker
Faire but for the D Web so really kind
of fun experimental hands-on things we
do have lasers we have at least two
kinds of radio it will be on Saturday
from 4:30 till 6:30 for two hours right
out in the area behind the black curtain
that you did not go through so yeah I
definitely check it out next slide and
kind of on the opposite end of the
spectrum so the sci-fi Fair is meant to
really entice excites and really get you
vibrating but if you're a little bit
over stimulated too much information
going into the brain all at once what
the first thing I would suggest is going
outside because we're surrounded by
beautiful nature but it's also quite hot
and you know daylight's sometimes a
little scary so we have a lovely
children or a quiet room as we call it
that's right above the restrooms just
opposite
this just up the stairs and it will also
contain an installation by Sarah which
deals with our relationship not just to
technological assistance but ecological
systems as well so if you'd like to
interact with it please feel free to do
so
okay thank you all right thank you all
content your eyes for leading and
creating all these sessions for us so
cool too and this first part of the
presentation with a high note I really
just want to give you sorry just like
well what well you go through this
conference and while you meet new people
and experience all of these content and
sessions really like expose your most
curious self really feel comfortable
asking questions feeling like it's
totally okay if you don't know something
it's sort of a way to bring some new
ideas some new perspective into the
table but there's actually a one person
that can explain what I'm trying to
communicate here so I'll just play a
video of a person for you